[PATCH 0/2] TOMOYO: Detach security context from credentials.

TOMOYO has 2 problems regarding checking permissions for execve() operation.

One is that permission for binary loader (e.g. /lib/ld-linux.so.2 ) cannot be
checked. This problem comes from the limitation that security_dentry_open()
cannot receive "struct linux_binprm"->cred .
A patchset that makes it possible has been proposed at
http://www.spinics.net/linux/fedora/linux-security-module/msg10844.html .
But the patchset has a side effect that changes current DAC behavior
http://www.spinics.net/linux/fedora/linux-security-module/msg10856.html
and the discussion seems to be stalled. I don't mean to change current DAC
behavior.

The other is that interactive judgment feature cannot be used when the target
process's subjective credentials and objective credentials differ. Regarding
execve(), checking permission for binary loader and environment variables are
impossible because the process that provides interactive judgment feature
cannot reach the target process's proposed credentials. This problem comes
 from the limitation that process's objective credentials do not change until
the point of no return of do_execve() operation.

Even if the patchset that solves the former problem is accepted, the latter
problem remains unresolved. To solve the latter problem, TOMOYO cannot help
violating distinction between subjective credentials and objective credentials.
Removing distinction between subjective credentials and objective credentials
will not be acceptable for SELinux/Smack/AppArmor. Therefore, I believe that
making TOMOYO to manage security context without depending on "struct cred"->
security is the only acceptable approach.

This patchset removes dependency on "struct cred"->security from TOMOYO by
reviving "struct task_struct"->security and security_task_alloc()/
security_task_free()/security_bprm_free() hooks.

[PATCH 1/2] LSM: Revive "struct task_struct"->security and related hooks.

[PATCH 2/2] TOMOYO: Use per "struct task_struct" variables.
