=head1 NAME

tomoyo-editpolicy - policy editor for TOMOYO Linux

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tomoyo-editpolicy> [I<options>]

B<tomoyo-editpolicy> [I<options>] [I<directory>]

B<tomoyo-editpolicy> [I<options>] [I<remote_ip:remote_port>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program is the primary tool for policy management. It provides an ncurses interface for editing either policy saved to disk, or policy currently loaded into kernel memory.

If no directory or remote address is specified, the policy loaded in kernel memory will be edited.

Before this program can be invoked, you must register it in F</sys/kernel/security/tomoyo/manager>. After initializing policy, this is usually as simple as rebooting the system.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<e>

Set initial screen to be the Exception Policy Editor.

=item B<d>

Set initial screen to be the Domain Transition Editor [default].

=item B<p>

Set initial screen to be the Profile Editor.

=item B<m>

Set initial screen to be the Manager Editor.

=item B<u>

Set initial screen to be the Memory Usage.

=item B<readonly>

Start the policy editor in browse-only mode. No editing is allowed.

=item B<refresh>=I<integer>

Refresh the screen automatically at the interval specified in seconds.

=item I<directory>

Edit policy stored in the F<directory>/ directory, instead of the policy loaded in kernel memory. This must be the full path to the directory.

=item I<remote_ip:remote_port>

Edit policy on a remote system via an agent waiting at port I<remote_port> on IP address I<remote_ip>.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<Start the policy editor>

  tomoyo-editpolicy

=item B<Edit policy stored in the C</etc/tomoyo/192.168.1.1/> directory>

  tomoyo-editpolicy /etc/tomoyo/192.168.1.1/

=item B<Edit policy via an agent connecting to 192.168.1.1 at port 10000>

  tomoyo-editpolicy 192.168.1.1:10000

=back

A usage guide with screenshots is available at E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jp/2.3/tool-editpolicy.htmlE<gt>.

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, send an email to E<lt>tomoyo-users-en@lists.sourceforge.jpE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Tetsuo Handa E<lt>penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jpE<gt>

Main author.

=item Jamie Nguyen E<lt>jamie@tomoyolinux.co.ukE<gt>

Documentation and website.

=item Yoshihiro Kusuno E<lt>yocto@users.sourceforge.jpE<gt>

Line coloring feature.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tomoyo-loadpolicy>(8), B<tomoyo-editpolicy-agent>(8)

See E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jpE<gt> for more information.
