=head1 NAME

tomoyo-savepolicy - save TOMOYO Linux policy

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tomoyo-savepolicy> [I<directory>]

B<tomoyo-savepolicy> [I<directory>] [I<remote_ip:remote:port>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program saves TOMOYO Linux policy onto disk from kernel memory.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<e>

Save exception policy to F</etc/tomoyo/exception_policy.conf>.

=item B<d>

Save domain policy to F</etc/tomoyo/domain_policy.conf>.

=item B<a>

Save both exception policy and domain policy. [default]

=item B<p>

Save profile to F</etc/tomoyo/profile.conf>.

=item B<m>

Save manager to F</etc/tomoyo/manager.conf>.

=item B<u>

Output meminfo to standard output.

=item B<->

Write policy to standard output.

=item I<directory>

Save policy to an alternative directory, rather than the default F</etc/tomoyo> directory.

=item I<remote_ip:remote_port>

Save policy on a remote system via an agent waiting at port I<remote_port> on IP address I<remote_ip>.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<Save domain policy and exception policy to disk>

  tomoyo-savepolicy

=item B<Save exception policy to disk>

  tomoyo-savepolicy e

=item B<Retrieve policy from a remote system and save in a local directory>

  tomoyo-savepolicy /etc/tomoyo/192.168.1.1/ 192.168.1.1:10000

=back

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, send an email to E<lt>tomoyo-users-en@lists.sourceforge.jpE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Tetsuo Handa E<lt>penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jpE<gt>

Main author.

=item Jamie Nguyen E<lt>jamie@tomoyolinux.co.ukE<gt>

Documentation and website.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tomoyo-editpolicy-agent>(8), B<tomoyo-loadpolicy>(8)

See E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jpE<gt> for more information.
