=head1 NAME

tomoyo-loadpolicy - load TOMOYO Linux manually

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tomoyo-loadpolicy> [I<option>]

B<tomoyo-loadpolicy> [I<option>] [I<directory>] [I<remote_ip:remote_port>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program reads TOMOYO Linux policy from standard input and loads it into the kernel.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<e>

Load exception policy from F</etc/tomoyo/exception_policy.base> + F</etc/tomoyo/exception_policy.conf>.

=item B<d>

Load domain policy from F</etc/tomoyo/domain_policy.base> + F</etc/tomoyo/domain_policy.conf>.

=item B<a>

Load exception policy and domain policy. [default]

=item B<p>

Load profile from F</etc/tomoyo/profile.base> + F</etc/tomoyo/profile.conf>.

=item B<m>

Load manager from F</etc/tomoyo/manager.base> + F</etc/tomoyo/manager.conf>.

=item B<u>

Load meminfo from F</etc/tomoyo/meminfo.base> + F</etc/tomoyo/meminfo.conf>.

=item B<f>

Erase policy loaded in memory before loading policy from the file. This can be used with the C<e>, C<d>, and C<a> options.

=item B<->

Read policy from standard input. This can bs used with the C<e>, C<d>, C<m>, and C<u> options.

=item I<directory>

Load policy stored in the F<directory> directory, instead of the default C</etc/tomoyo> directory. This must be the full path to the directory.

=item I<remote_ip:remote_port>

Write to policy on a remote system via an agent waiting at port I<remote_port> on IP address I<remote_ip>.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<Append a line to exception policy>

  echo "allow_read /proc/meminfo | tomoyo-loadpolicy -e

=item B<Remove a line from exception policy>

  echo "delete allow_read /proc/meminfo" | tomoyo-loadpolicy -e

=item B<Append a line to domain policy>

  ( echo "<kernel>"; echo "allow_execute /sbin/init" ) | tomoyo-loadpolicy -d

=item B<Replace currently loaded domain policy with C</etc/tomoyo/domain_policy.base> + C</etc/tomoyo/domain_policy.conf>>

  tomoyo-loadpolicy df

=item B<Append to policy remotely from the specified directory>

  tomoyo-loadpolicy d /etc/tomoyo/192.168.1.1/ 192.168.1.1:10000

=back

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, send an email to E<lt>tomoyo-users-en@lists.sourceforge.jpE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Tetsuo Handa E<lt>penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jpE<gt>

Main author.

=item Jamie Nguyen E<lt>jamie@tomoyolinux.co.ukE<gt>

Documentation and website.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tomoyo-savepolicy>(8), B<tomoyo-editpolicy>(8), B<tomoyo-editpolicy-agent>(8), B<tomoyo-init>(8)

See E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jpE<gt> for more information.
