=head1 NAME

tomoyo-queryd - real-time access request management utility for TOMOYO Linux

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tomoyo-queryd>

B<tomoyo-queryd> [I<remote_ip:remote_port>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program detects policy violations that occur in domains set to enforcing mode. The violation is displayed and a number of options are given to either grant or reject this request. Programs are frozen until a response is provided by the administrator.

This is useful when upgrading packages on the system, as errors due to changes in permissions can be avoided.

Carefully analyze access requests before you grant them, as they could be coming from a compromised process or malicious attacker.

Before this program can be invoked, you must register it in F</sys/kernel/security/tomoyo/manager>. After initializing policy, this is usually as simple as rebooting the system.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item I<remote_ip:remote_port>

Instead of managing local policy violations, manage remote policy via an agent waiting at port I<remote_port> on IP address I<remote_ip>.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<Handle policy violations on the local system>

  tomoyo-queryd

=item B<Handle policy violations on a remote system>

  tomoyo-queryd 192.168.1.1:10000

=back

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, send an email to E<lt>tomoyo-users-en@lists.sourceforge.jpE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Tetsuo Handa E<lt>penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jpE<gt>

Main author.

=item Jamie Nguyen E<lt>jamie@tomoyolinux.co.ukE<gt>

Documentation and website.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tomoyo-editpolicy-agent>(8), B<tomoyo-notifyd>(8)

See E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jpE<gt> for more information.
