=head1 NAME

tomoyo-patternize - utility to convert pathnames in policy into patterns

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tomoyo-patternize>

B<tomoyo-patternize> [I<configfile>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program reads domain policy from standard input and replaces pathnames with patterns. Replacement rules are defined in F</etc/tomoyo/tools/patternize.conf>. The resulting policy is sent to standard output and is useful to shorten and simplify domain or exception policy.

Pathnames used for domain names themselves will not be replaced. Only the first matching rule is used for any particular pathname. If a pathname does not match any rules, it is left unchanged.

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over 4

=item B<Replace C<proc:/self/fd/0> with C<proc:/self/fd/\$>>

  rewrite path_pattern proc:/self/fd/\$

=item B<Replace C<proc:/123/status> with C<proc/\$/status>>

  rewrite head_pattern proc:/\$

=item B<Replace C<dev(8,1):/etc/mtab~456> with C<dev(8,1):/etc/mtab~\$>>

  rewrite tail_pattern /etc/mtab~\$

=item B<Replace C</tmp/phpZjk1k3> with C<@GROUP1>>

  rewrite path_pattern /tmp/php\?\?\?\?\?\? @GROUP1

=item B<Replace integers between 0-100 or 100-200 with C<@GROUP2>>

  rewrite number_pattern 0-100 @GROUP2
  rewrite number_pattern 100-200 @GROUP2

=item B<Replace loopback addresses with C<@LOCALHOST>>

  rewrite address_pattern 127.0.0.1 @LOCALHOST
  rewrite address_pattern 0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1 @LOCALHOST

=back

See the configuration file for more information on rule syntax.

=head1 BUGS

If you find any bugs, send an email to E<lt>tomoyo-users-en@lists.sourceforge.jpE<gt>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item Tetsuo Handa E<lt>penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jpE<gt>

Main author.

=item Jamie Nguyen E<lt>jamie@tomoyolinux.co.ukE<gt>

Documentation and website.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<tomoyo-findtemp>(8), B<tomoyo-diffpolicy>(8)

See E<lt>http://tomoyo.sourceforge.jpE<gt> for more information.
